Joe security add types reference to readme (#17282)
demisto/content: Packs/JoeSecurity/Integrations/JoeSecurity/README.md

<p>There is no raw output for this command.</p>
<h3 id="h_828752286601529821180424">Download a report</h3>
<hr>

> <p>Downloads a resource associated to a report. This can be the full report, dropped binaries, and so on. Click <a href="https://jbxcloud.joesecurity.org/userguide?sphinxurl=usage/webapi.html#v2-analysis-download"> here </a> to see the full report types list.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Downloads a resource associated to a report. This can be the full report, dropped binaries, and so on. See all supported report types here: <a href="https://jbxcloud.joesecurity.org/userguide?sphinxurl=usage/webapi.html#v2-analysis-download"></a> </p>
```
